oh my god there's somebody coming from
that way oh my god that was so beautiful
at first I just did something bad I
think what you do I picked up the bomb
and I think that they were trying to
hide the bomb and I picked it up oh dude
I got one I could I could have been
planting a bomb the whole time I don't
know why I did we gotta start a clan Oh
Oh be careful dad I'm going out oh my
god how did that not kill me you're MLG
you think I can MLG this
what those oh my god oh I threw a
grenade at you good going oh are you
okay I'm okay somebody's not okay I'm
all right stop shooting the door you're
scaring me okay late I'm trying to go to
hat let's go to kay let's go together oh
dude is our teammate boosting or
something like what's going on there's a
teammate on the other side of that door
with the enemy did you see that yeah I
don't know why that was so funny I'm
ready to go man you ready to be MLG pros
shout out to the 360 noscope Brewster's
I'm going this way spectate me bro watch
my ml genus
oh I got the game winning kill did you
yeah and I'm gonna do what everyone else
does I dude we're so winning this so far
dude and I changed my settings to medium
so we're running smooth drinking yeah
i'm taking a bomber heaven oh we really
yeah it's stupid who's that I wish I
make it more fun you trying to make
white I was trying to make it sound more
believable that was so unbelievable you
in dude we should be in tournaments like
we should be in MLG like I want to rent
out in East sports arena can we like
host a tournament in Madison Square
Garden Oh duty to me and you against
five people you think we can do it dude
we can do or don't you you get that guy
I let him up daughter did you grab the
bomb I did
oh dude MLG MLG what was that dude I
shot him like a million times what was
that oh my god they're boosting why are
these people throwing me ops I don't
want the OP feel like it was like five
ops on the floor I killed a guy jus den
is a pink gun you got it got it how is
it oh my god i have no money i think i'm
gonna pick up and all that they throw it
my god I told you that I was just over
there dude you saw that 360 noscope wait
you got that guy yeah those sickest kill
I've ever seen careful careful careful
going in careful minute I'm going in oh
my dude at least you went in at least
you put an effort here we go ml Oh huh
that was not MLG I thought it was I
don't know what to do dude I'm honestly
just gonna run away I'm very scared I
don't want to lose this weapon I'm gonna
get them
I got him did you get him how do i
defuse of defusing you think I'll make
it yeah dude I don't know if I'll make
it I think I'm enemy can do it you can
do it I think I can dude you oh man dude
I am so happy MLG you were the MVP yo i
am i'm submitting that video to an MLG
team i'm ready for the big leagues good
thing for you because i was recording
with hypercam who threw that fireball
yeah that was real that was real
obnoxious whoever threw that it's not
gonna be on my MLG team gotta kill MLG
the game's over damn oh dude somebody
got did you see somebody got like a
sixty-dollar shotgun skin you see that
alright I hope you guys enjoyed that
video if you did please hit that like
button it really helps me out and let me
know what you thought about this video
in the comments below thank you and I'll
see you all next time goodbye